HackNet instructions

It's come to my attention (at last) that HackNet can be a bit difficult
to play, with no documentation!  Not that there's yet much to play, but..

You'll have to forgive me my chatty writing style -- this is a free game,
and it's my project, so I'll write the documentation in my own inimitable
fashion.


In order to run HackNet, you'll need two things.  First, you need a
server.  If there isn't already a server you want to use, you'll need
to run your own.

To run the server, use the following command line from the server/ 
directory:

./hacknetd

This will yield lots and lots of debug output as it creates the level.
You can ignore that output.  The server will also output more debug
output during the game, allowing the person running the server to
follow important events of the game and conversation on the system.
Additional #defines are available inside the server code to enable
extra debug output which is useful for debugging networking code.


Second, you need to run the hacknet client, and connect to a running
server -- either one on your own system, or elsewhere on the network.
The command line (from the ttyclient/ directory) is as follows:

./hacknet.tty [-u name] host

Where 'name' is the name you want to use in the game, and 'host' is
the network address where the server is being run.


Once in the game, you can move around using the standard NetHack
'vi keys' controls.  That is, h, j, k, and l move you west, south,
north, and east, respectively, and y, u, b, and n move you along
diagonals.  Keypad movement hasn't yet been implemented, mostly
because I'm writing HackNet on a laptop that has no keypad.
This interface addition is a high priority, though, since I know
a lot of people prefer keypad-based movement.

If you get within a certain range of other players, you will be
grouped together with them, and none of you will move until all
of you have submitted turns.  To make this easier, when you're
in a group, a prompt will appear at the bottom of the screen
which will display how many members are in your group, and
how many of those have submitted turns so far.  If people in
your group are waiting for you to submit a turn, that information
will also be displayed.

To talk to people, just hit the " key.  Then type whatever you
like.  People within a range of about 15 squares will hear
anything you say, unless you end your statement with an
exclamation point, in which case everyone in the game will
hear what you say.

That's all there is to it!  Currently there's no combat, so the
various grid bugs wandering around the map are nothing but
obstacles.. but this will be entering the game soon!
